User-Defined Linear Map (#743)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: docs/source/usage/workflows/add_element.rst

Thick elements can also use soft-edged fringe fields (see `existing soft-edged elements for implementation details <https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/impactx/tree/development/src/particles/elements>`__).

.. _usage-workflows-add-element-linmap:

Linear Map
----------

A custom linear element can be provided by specifying the 6x6 linear transport matrix :math:`R` as an input.
See the :ref:` example <examples-fodo-userdef>` for Python and inputs file syntax to specify a custom linear element.

The entries of the transport matrix are ordered for multiplication with the beam vector :math:`x,px,y,py,t,pt`.

> The units of the transport matrix :math:`R` elements are... TODO

Reviewer: TODO: Doc

.. note::

>    Note that generally, if a user-provided linear map is used, the beam transport may not be symplectic.

Author: ```suggestion
   If a user-provided linear map is used, it is up to the user to ensure that the 6x6 transport matrix is symplectic.
```

>    Thus, where symplecticity is needed, the :ref:`Python Programmable Element <usage-workflows-add-element-python>` and the :ref:`C++ Element <usage-workflows-add-element-cxx>` provide a more general approach.

Author: ```suggestion
   If a more general form of user-defined transport is needed, the :ref:`Python Programmable Element <usage-workflows-add-element-python>` and the :ref:`C++ Element <usage-workflows-add-element-cxx>` provide a more general approach.
```

Thick elements can also use soft-edged fringe fields (see `existing soft-edged elements for implementation details <https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/impactx/tree/development/src/particles/elements>`__).

.. _usage-workflows-add-element-linmap:

Linear Map
----------

A custom linear element can be provided by specifying the 6x6 linear transport matrix :math:`R` as an input.
See the :ref:` example <examples-fodo-userdef>` for Python and inputs file syntax to specify a custom linear element.

The matrix elements :math:`R(i,j)` are indexed beginning with 1, so that :math:`i,j=1,2,3,4,5,6`.

> The transport matrix :math:`R` is defaulted to the identity matrix, so only matrix entries that differ from that need to be specified.

Reviewer: We can remove this detail here, since that is specified in the examples and inputs/Python details and is not the same in both.
```suggestion
```
